I
a lot of bunk clock
Oh
oh boy
grunts the console getting fucking dog
eight rounds like pronto I'm going gonzo
with violin in the first degree live I
like that one shutter 30 I get busy yes
sir in the fan with me Grand Rounds like
peanut butter and jam 50 you can't get
me we told my search kill all three
movements inside the jokes don't break
it more fire let's talk he's our entire
show later they can't dodge the barbed
wire I'm get live you know I'm about
their to the truck out back yep I'm I
get it bubbled in 30 on track block imma
get him fuck you know my swollen I've
never swallowed up by my bed rattling
brave seriously combat black until i
cain't say you know what I 214 in
advance so I depart block with them
cancer laying up the sidewalk at two
things one fit three rounds to wait a
little block don't tell them don't bring
you I've got a growl it's always same to
come on my nigga told you my last album
our rounded yeah my signature get him I
follow Sam's gonna finish up antenna
yeah I sliced 50 got me half nigga I'm
too fast 3-pack cooks full of people
with live habits if they sleep don't
wake up just give him that craftmatic
pop off nigga I show you with a snap
dude leaving it's amazing
tattooed niggas at three eyeballs like a
statue yeah please blocking the door
nigger e pak boon up there 50 gonna
bring the double one run by thump your
mother's nothing i'm talking sonny BTW i
agree you catching brembo piece of work
it'd be easy for you to catch him